I've done a lot of dual enrollment in the past (ever since I was 13) at local community colleges and universities abroad. This is why I am, thankfully, able to graduate from college a year earlier. I have had two (direct) study abroad experiences where I earned college credit, one was through Jacobs University Bremen<https://www.jacobs-university.de> where I spent my first semester of official college and the other was a one month semester in Tanzania through the School For Field Studies <http://www.fieldstudies.org>. Those two experiences definitely changed me for the better and made me more mature and culturally aware. It helps that in my big Hispanic family, a lot of my relatives live in all parts of the world, so there's always been an excuse to travel in my family. It's basically part of who I am now (so ergo, part of my educational background, per se).

In the recent past (oxymoron), I attended a high school that was about half white and half black, with me being one of the few Hispanics there (which is usually how it goes and still does now). At the local community colleges I attended, I was filled with all sorts of people, but then I stuck out because of my age. I was the youngest during my semester in Tanzania where the out of the 20+ student cohort, I was one of the two high school kids. Unfortunately, in Tanzania, this worked against me because the teachers felt I was a tad immature (and I probably was). I attended a college (Jacobs) that was filled with diversity, but still consisted of mostly Europeans (and again, still was one of the very few Hispanics). I now attend an HBCU and it's still pretty much the same thing, but I've realized it really pays off in an interesting way when you're used to being the odd one out because eventually you get comfortable thinking differently.

Over the years, I've passed out next to the chief surgeon for a medical mission in Vietnam, I've touched the same bronze bowl located in the Forbidden City twice, had my face mere inches away from a lioness in the Serengeti, became best friends with a Slovakian and Chinese girl in Germany, was crushed emotionally while backpacking in a hostel located in Marseille when one of my top choice colleges rejected me, and recently, I've started freaking out about the relevance of my college degree.

Anyhow, it makes sense that after so many years of formal education and witnessing an increasingly ineffective education system, I loathe the idea of defining myself solely by numbers and instead turn to useful contributions (virtual, usually). I try to share all my work through a variety of different portfolios (Scribd for documents, Behance for designs, GitHub for code, YouTube for videos, etc.). You are welcome to look at these, a lot of who I am is online these days.

Btw, I apologize for the ridiculous length of this additional information. My LinkedIn provides the awards, test scores, and such. I just mentioned a few of my experiences here.

—-

I started messing around with Codecademy my junior year of high school (April 2013). At the time I was interested in bioinformatics and figured since I had been immersing myself in biology for a while that I needed to start to learn how to code a bit. So I did, and then bam! the coin flips, and suddenly I'm majoring in computer science instead of biology like I had planned. I mean, either way, I could delve into bioinformatics later, but coding has definitely proven itself to be an equally fruitful experience. After discovering Codecademy, I got more into conceptual design within Apple products. Err, I realize I'm probably going to write more than necessary so I'm just going to include my coderbits profile here: <https://coderbits.com/fvcproductions>, which will probably give you loads more information. Recently, I did participate in a Google Hackathon in DC and even though my web app didn't win anything, it was still a fun experience. You can check out the fully functional and ridiculously lighthearted app here: <http://beato-2014.appspot.com>. I was mainly in charge of the html/css/overall design.

—-

I'd like to get started early with understanding front-end web development, but no one seems to have the Rails to do so #insert better dev joke here# at my university since it's been mostly theoretical material I've been covering and not practical applications (naturally). Any who, since my junior year of high school, I've been learning most of what I know about coding virtually (which has been okay yet somewhat lonely), but I'd really like to find a physically real place where I can learn at a much faster pace with peers around me that are just as passionate as I am when it comes to learning more about code. I also believe that being part of that great tech startup scene requires great social connection with people who possess the creativity and talent when it comes to coding software, which is what I intend to do eventually in the field of bio-inspired computing. Now I simply want to be able to surround myself with those kind of people and simply stray away from the loner coder ordeal I’ve been experiencing for a while now by attending this bootcamp.

—

I've been exposed **at least 1 month** in 6 different "verbal languages": (in chronological order: Spanish, English, French, Japanese, Swahili, Arabic, German) and different "non-verbal languages": (also in chronological order: HTML/CSS/Python/Ruby/JavaScript/C++/C/Java).


