My personal catch phrase is "I like to dabble with things that ought to be dabbled with." According to that silly Myers-Briggs indicator, I'm an INTJ, which is supposed to imply I'm socially awkward but also a paradox because I'm both logical and creative. Both a vice and a virtue either way.

Okay, so maybe some background: I'm a computer science major at Hampton University - class of 2016. I enjoy coding, graphic design, writing, and publishing all sorts of material online. Because of this, I have many virtual portfolios, including but not limited to: YouTube (for videos), Scribd (for documents), GitHub (for code), Behance (for graphic design), and my personal website (for blogging/writing). I've dual-enrolled in college courses since I was 13 at either local community colleges/universities or through studying abroad, which is why I'll be able to graduate college next year at 20. I've studied formally in France (when I was much younger), Tanzania (for wildlife research techniques), and Germany (Jacobs University Bremen). Each experience in formal and informal institutions has made me a more mature person and more aware of what the world takes and gives. I'm also used to being the younger one around and recognize this as both an advantage and disadvantage.

If I had to describe myself in a few words, I'd have to say I'm definitely a 'jack of all trades, master of none'. I'd say this is rather unfortunate, but I guess that's how my mind works so I'm not going to fight it for the time being.

Otherwise, people describe me as a pretty relaxed and care-free kind of person and that's how I like to think about myself too.

I'd like to get started early with understanding front-end web development, but no one seems to have the Rails #insert better dev joke here# at my university since Hampton mainly offers classes for only core programming languages like C, C++, Python, and Java. For about 2 years now, I've been learning most of what I know about coding virtually (which has been okay yet somewhat lonely), but I'd really like to find a physically real place where I can learn at a much faster pace with peers around me that are just as passionate as I am when it comes to the art of digital hieroglyphics. Now I just want to be able to surround myself with those people and simply stray away from the loner coder ordeal I’ve been experiencing. University of Hawaii at Manoa is also a possible grad school for me, so there's that as well. Hawaii and coding - that's the dream.
