The head coordinators knowing I had experience with film-editing,I was asked by them if I could present an hour long introduction to film-editing using iMovie during an Operation Smile medical mission training conference for high schoolers. The seminar would be vital given that everyone had to create a video showcasing their medical mission to various organizations. I had never spoken in front of a crowd of over 100 high schoolers (from all over the world), let alone taught something that would be new for most of them. I was terribly nervous, unprepared, and ready to tell the coordinators I was under qualified. Moreover, it was Monday I was asked and the conference was set to start Friday morning. Time was dwindling fast.

Nevertheless, I decided to stick it out and lay out a plan. Monday through Wednesday I stayed up late to work on the itinerary and decided that I would first make a sample medical mission video then teach everyone how I edited the main components, and then showcase videos of websites and organizations where they could learn more about film editing if they needed the extra help. With the consent of my parents, I skipped school Thursday to work more on the example video. Last thing left was to create an informative document that would be passed out during the presentation.

Unfortunately, shortly before I was set to make my presentation, I realized the projector wasn't compatible with my Mac. So naturally, I ask for help. One coordinator told me she had my back and quickly made a stop to a nearby Apple store. Thankful I was able to obtain an adapter through sheer kindness, I plugged everything in place all a few minutes before I was set to start.

So I present and at the end, I tell everyone it was time to eat some good food for indeed when I ended it was exactly 12 pm. A huge applause came and I was apprehensive at first behind the reasoning, but then I saw the smiles and approval on their face as and I knew I had done something right. A few people even went to tell me afterwards how great the presentation was or how they really liked so and so part. Someone even told me they had cried during my sample video, because of how effectively I contrasted the attitudes of some spoiled celebrities versus the attitude of the children with cleft lips who had next to nothing in comparison.

My reasoning behind not giving up the many times I felt I should have and my persistence in putting in long hours for my first big presentation had all been worth it. By the way, if you still don't know who Operation Smile is, please look them up, they're a great organization. So, feeling satisfied and no longer so worrisome, I started packing up my laptop and headed to grab some lunch I knew would be particularly great that day.

---

I'd like to get started early with understanding front-end web development, but no one seems to have the Rails #insert better dev joke here# at my university since Jacobs mainly offers classes for only core programming languages like C, C++, Python, and Java. Since last year, I've been learning most of what I know about coding virtually (which has been okay yet somewhat lonely), but I'd really like to find a physically real place where I can learn at a much faster pace with peers around me that are just as passionate as I am when it comes to the art of digital hieroglyphics. Now I just want to be able to surround myself with those people and simply stray away from the loner coder ordeal I’ve been experiencing.

I'd also like to mention I come from a strange background. My parents, both born in Peru, met in a mental hospital located in Phoenix, Arizona as they were both visiting a mutual friend who was residing at the hospital at the time. There my father was, hoping he would be able to see the dear friend who had developed schizophrenia 2 months prior, when all of a sudden my mother walks in. And there, in this psychiatric ward, their eyes met and they “clicked” (true story). A strange encounter, perhaps, but unique. Unique in the same sense that refactorU is for providing a platform where coding fanatics are each able to bring their unique history.

I, Frances, am a Peruvian-American female who is a CS major studying abroad at Jacobs University in Germany who enjoys coding and is ultimately interested in working with AI chat development. And if you’ll allow me to do so, I’d like to learn how to front-end AND back-end through refactorU.

---

The LME (learning management system) at my university right now is very much lacking in friendly user-interface. There are many separate websites that serve as an email server (Outlook), grading system, data management, course home pages, site to look up certain individuals, etc, and it would be much nicer if they could all be integrated into one clean sophisticated LME so students didn't have to rely so much on visiting Facebook to get the answers they need due to the fact they have such a hard time finding the right information.

My ideal LME for my university would have an interactive icon representing each core page (grades, course home pages, find someone, email). For example, for the grades there would be an interactive circle with different inner circles inside of it showing your grade with individual classes. A passing grade would have a green line border/filling and a red one for failing classes. The most outer line of the circle would be the overall cumulative percentage.The lines would update of course in accordance with the grades entered by professors and so on.

There is so much that could be improved with the submission page for grading as well as the course home pages that don't provide many essential features that should otherwise be available. Even for my computer science course page, the page where all the posts are listed could be improved with better organization, integrated search tools, and a more clean comment section. I think being able to create this sort of web application would bring more satisfaction to me than anyone else at my school (unattractive LMEs shouldn't be allowed at any school)!

---

My deepest fear is "not that [I am] inadequate", but that I am [powerful beyond measure], and I can't properly realize my own potential. Not being able to gain the right advantages and not quite making it to my next small goal just bothers me. I've failed a lot in life, which I'm grateful for, but it's also led me to believe that sometimes maybe I don't want success as much as I should.

At this point, I've set my heart and soul to pursuing a career in artificial intelligence, just because every time I learn something new within the field, I feel like a child and I never grow bored. Then some days I feel silly for wanting to pursue a field with such ambition.

To mitigate this fear, I have to reassure myself constantly whenever I'm dealing with something difficult academically that mastery of anything requires a LOT of time, passion, and dedication. So I try to look through to see my academic struggle as small obstacles I have to either overcome or diverge from by finding a sub-field more suited to my skill-set.

For example, I'm come to understand that I'm not terribly great in math, but when it comes to statistics specifically, I really enjoy it, because the unexpectedness complex we attribute to certain events are all suddenly very much imaginary. So when it comes to math, I focus more on how I can better myself in statistical methods where I know I can learn more in.

I guess to be more straightforward, if I don't feel like I'm on the path to contributing to society in some sort of meaningful way, I start feeling extremely desolate and just scared.